feat: add genai policy to templates (#288)
pyOpenSci/software-submission: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/presubmission-inquiry.md

- [ ] I have read and will commit to package maintenance after the review as per the [pyOpenSci Policies Guidelines][Commitment].

## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 

- [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  
- [ ] All code in this package has been **carefully reviewed by a human**. Its implementation is also understood by the authors submitting the package.  
- [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   
- [ ] **Generative AI tools were used to develop and maintain this package.**   

### Please list the tools and frameworks that you used below (Examples include Claude Code, Cursor, OpenClaw, ChatGPT, VSCode + Copilot)

### Describe the nature and scope of support that LLMs provided. Examples include code generation, autocomplete, documentation development, refactoring, test development

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below:

- _Your link here (remove this line if you don't have a link)_
```

- [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in maintaining my package after should it be accepted.
- [ ] I have read and will commit to package maintenance after the review as per the [pyOpenSci Policies Guidelines][Commitment].

## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 

- [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  
- [ ] All code in this package has been **carefully reviewed by a human**. Its implementation is also understood by the authors submitting the package.  

> - [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   

Author: Can we shorten this? OR we can link to more about this. perhaps remove the translation piece

Reviewer: I'd keep this as-is. There was a decent chunk of folks who didn't look at links present, this forces acknowledgement.

Reviewer 2: @coatless Does Leah's version below look ok to you? Still includes the bit about communication written by human, but links to our peer-review guide for the translation details.

Reviewer: Sure; but, I'll revoice that the more links present across multiple guides the less likely the submitters are going to go to them. Again, these are built-in to the template meaning that unless they copy & paste the URL to visit or switch to preview mode and click it's highly unlikely that these documents will be reviewed.

> - [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). [See more](llms & translation)
```

Author: Link to section in guide on translation and communication

- [ ] **Generative AI tools were used to develop and maintain this package.**   

### Please list the tools and frameworks that you used below (Examples include Claude Code, Cursor, OpenClaw, ChatGPT, VSCode + Copilot)

### Describe the nature and scope of support that LLMs provided. Examples include code generation, autocomplete, documentation development, refactoring, test development

> ### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below
```

Reviewer 2: Linter error: no trailing punctuation in heading

> - _Your link here (remove this line if you don't have a link)_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Your link here (remove this line if you don't have a link)_

```

Reviewer 2: Linter: MD032/blanks-around-lists Lists should be surrounded by blank lines
